i was the director of our cancer center
i was on the board of our hospital i
loved the place we had real people
working there i said
let's consider giving this simple
protocol these simple drugs under a
pilot
for glioblastoma i presented it with
that lecture and despite me being sort
of heavily involved and respected at
this this you know big community
hospital
it sort of got thumbs down like well
you know it's not exactly the standard
of care let's let somebody else do that
right now i don't really want to be you
know
at risk for doing this you know that
data isn't randomized then i can't
really
buy into that like wait a minute you
know
answer me this
if you or your loved one
had a glioblastoma
would you not consider these four simple
drugs that cost less than fifty dollars
a month to
double to triple the outcome
and the answer was usually a yes with a
whisper
but they weren't willing to sort of
sort of do it in a formal way
so that is the challenge
that we have in our current system
[Music]
you